ENH: Add details about ET setup (#99)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/scanning-notes.md

    ![adjustFOV.jpg](../assets/images/adjustFOV.jpg)

## Eye-Tracker Calibration Process

> - [ ] Brief the participant about the calibration process. Refer to the [scanning protocol](scanning.md) for provided scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The link should be the other way around - from the protocol to the place where calibration is described

> - [ ] Start the experiment by pressing the green play button.

Reviewer: This is already written (or should be) in the scanning protocol description.
```suggestion
```

> - [ ] On the eye-tracking (ET) computer, ensure that the appropriate calibration type is selected (9 points for PCT and 5 points for resting state and breath holding tasks):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] On the eye-tracking (ET) computer, ensure that the appropriate calibration type is selected (9 points for PCT and 5 points for resting state and breath-holding tasks):
```

Reviewer: I thought we set this in the psychopy experiment settings? @celprov ? (Elodie is on holiday today)

>     - [ ] Click on `Set Options` located on the right side of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Click on <span class="keypress">Set Options</span> located on the right side of ET computer screen.
```

>     - [ ] Under `Calibration type` in the top left corner, choose the image containing either 9 or 5 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Under **Calibration type** in the top left corner, choose the image containing either 9 or 5 points.
```

> ![9-points_calibration](../assets/images/9-points_calibration.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ![9-points_calibration](../assets/images/9-points_calibration.jpg)
```

> - [ ] Two crosses should appear on the ET computer screen: one at the center of the pupil and the other at the center of the corneal reflection. If they're not visible, proceed sequentially with the following steps:

Reviewer 2: Can you add an image of where the two crosses should be if it is correctly setup? or maybe reference the focus.png picture as it shows nicely one cross

> - [ ] Two crosses should appear on the ET computer screen: one at the center of the pupil and the other at the center of the corneal reflection. If they're not visible, proceed sequentially with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Two crosses should appear on the ET computer screen: one at the center of the pupil and the other at the center of the corneal reflection.
    If they're not visible, proceed sequentially with the following steps:
```

>     - [ ] Adjust the focus of the ET camera and the pupil detection threshold. If the cross remains invisible,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Adjust the focus of the ET camera and the pupil detection threshold.
```

>     - [ ] Realign the mirror frame position by sliding it along the rails attached to the coil. If the cross still isn't visible,

Reviewer: We have to add this to the script (asking the participant for help)

```suggestion
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, realign the mirror frame position by sliding it along the rails attached to the coil.
        You may ask the participant to do it while inside the bore.
```

>     - [ ] Re-adjust the participant's head positioning inside the coil. If the cross is still not visible,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, re-adjust the participant's head positioning inside the coil.
        You'll need to extract the bed outside of the bore for this by pressing the **Home** button (<span class="keypress">:home:</span>).
```

>     - [ ] Make slight adjustments to the mirror's vertical position (be cautious as mentioned earlier). Even a small adjustment can impact calibration and eye positioning. If the cross remains invisible,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, revise the vertical position of the infrared mirror with respect to the standard mirror (this will require new gloves and replacing the tape to stick the infrared mirror).
        Even a tiny adjustment can impact calibration and eye positioning. 
```

>     - [ ] Repeat the previous steps as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, repeat the previous steps as needed.
```

- [ ] Initiate the ET calibration by pressing <span class="keypress">C</span> on the laptop keyboard or by clicking on "Calibration" on the ET interface.

> - [ ] Once the participant's gaze stabilizes on the first fixation point, the `Accept fixation` button turns green. Click it to confirm the initial position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Once the participant's gaze stabilizes on the first fixation point, the <span class="keypress">Accept fixation</span> button turns green.
    Click on it to confirm the initial position.
```

    ![accept_fixation](../assets/images/accept_fixation.jpg) 

> - [ ] Subsequent positions should be automatically validated when the gaze remains stable. If not, manually click the validation button when it turns green.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Subsequent positions should be automatically validated when the gaze remains stable. If not, manually click the `Accept fixation` button when it turns green.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Subsequent positions should be automatically validated when the gaze remains stable.
    If not, manually click the <span class="keypress">Accept fixation</span> button when it turns green.
```

> - [ ] After the calibration, ensure that the fixation points' positions match the expected pattern for either the 9 or 5 points calibration. If the pattern appears too distorted, restart the calibration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] After the calibration, ensure that the fixation points' positions match the expected pattern corresponding to the 9- or 5-point calibration.
    If the pattern appears too distorted, restart the calibration.
```

> - [ ] Upon successful calibration, initiate validation by clicking "Validation" on the ET interface or pressing the 'V' key on the laptop keyboard. Follow the same instructions as in the calibration to validate positions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Upon successful calibration, initiate validation by clicking "Validation" on the ET interface or pressing the <span class="keypress">V</span> key on the laptop keyboard. Follow the same instructions as in the calibration to validate positions.
```

    ![adjustFOV.jpg](../assets/images/adjustFOV.jpg)

## Eye-Tracker Calibration Process

> - [ ] On the eye-tracking (ET) computer, ensure that the appropriate calibration type is selected (9 points for PCT and 5 points for resting state and breath-holding tasks):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] On the eye-tracking (ET) computer, ensure that the appropriate calibration type is selected (9-point for PCT and 5-point for resting state and breath-holding tasks):
```

      
- [ ] Two crosses should appear on the ET computer screen: one at the center of the pupil and the other at the center of the corneal reflection.
    If they're not visible, proceed sequentially with the following steps:
    - [ ] Adjust the focus of the ET camera and the pupil detection threshold.
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, realign the mirror frame position by sliding it along the rails attached to the coil.
        You may ask the participant to do it while inside the bore.
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, re-adjust the participant's head positioning inside the coil.
        You'll need to extract the bed outside of the bore for this by pressing the **Home** button (<span class="keypress">:home:</span>).
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, revise the vertical position of the infrared mirror with respect to the standard mirror (this will require new gloves and replacing the tape to stick the infrared mirror).
        Even a tiny adjustment can impact calibration and eye positioning. 
    - [ ] **If the cross remains invisible**, repeat the previous steps as needed.

> - [ ] Initiate the ET calibration by pressing <span class="keypress">C</span> on the laptop keyboard or by clicking on "Calibration" on the ET interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Initiate the ET calibration by pressing <span class="keypress">C</span> on the laptop keyboard or by clicking on <span class="keypress">Calibration</span> on the ET interface.
```

- [ ] Once the participant's gaze stabilizes on the first fixation point, the <span class="keypress">Accept fixation</span> button turns green.
    Click on it to confirm the initial position.

    ![accept_fixation](../assets/images/accept_fixation.jpg) 

- [ ] Subsequent positions should be automatically validated when the gaze remains stable.
    If not, manually click the <span class="keypress">Accept fixation</span> button when it turns green.
- [ ] After the calibration, ensure that the fixation points' positions match the expected pattern corresponding to the 9- or 5-point calibration.
    If the pattern appears too distorted, restart the calibration.

> - [ ] Upon successful calibration, initiate validation by clicking "Validation" on the ET interface or pressing the <span class="keypress">V</span> key on the laptop keyboard. Follow the same instructions as in the calibration to validate positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Upon successful calibration, initiate validation by clicking <span class="keypress">Validation</span> on the ET interface or pressing the <span class="keypress">V</span> key on the laptop keyboard. Follow the same instructions as in the calibration to validate positions.
```
